---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "teraswitch_metal Resource - teraswitch"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Metal
---

# teraswitch_metal (Resource)

Metal



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `region_id` (String) The ID of the region that the metal will be created in.
- `tier_id` (String) The service tier to be created. For metal, this is typically the server config. For example: 7302p-64g would create a Epyc 7302P system with 64G of ram. Tier availability can be retrieved using the regions endpoints.

### Optional

- `desired_power_state` (String) The desired power state for the metal instance.
- `disks` (Map of String) Dictionary of disk names and sizes in GB. If not specified, the default configuration for the metal tier will be used. The key is the disk name and the value is the size in GB.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the network. This is optional.
- `image_id` (String) The image to use when creating this service. Available images can be retrieved via the images endpoint.
- `ipxe_url` (String) The URL to the script to use when enabling iPXE boot.
- `memory_gb` (Number) The amount of memory in GB to be allocated to the metal service.
- `partitions` (Attributes List) Partitions to be created on the metal service. Not specifying this will result in a single root partition being created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partitions))
- `password` (String) The password to be set for the root user. If not provided, a random password will be generated.
- `project_id` (Number) The ID of the project that the metal will be created in.
- `raid_arrays` (Attributes List) Raid arrays to be created on the metal service. Can reference physical device names or partitions from mediums of the same class. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--raid_arrays))
- `reserve_pricing` (Boolean) Denotes if the metal service is being reserved for a whole year. If so, it gets the discounted rate
- `ssh_key_ids` (List of Number) The SSH key ids to be added to the service. These keys will be added to the authorized_keys file for the root user.
- `tags` (List of String) Tags to be added to the metal service.
- `template_id` (Number) Template can be specified instead of image, partitions, sshKeyId, and userData.
- `user_data` (String) Additional user data.
- `wait_for_ready` (Boolean) Waits for the instance to become ready on create.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) Id of the network

<a id="nestedatt--partitions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partitions`

Required:

- `device` (String) The name of the storage device to create a partition on. It can the name of a RAID array or a physical device.
- `file_system` (String) The type of filesystem for the partition to be initialized with.
- `mount_point` (String) The mount point of the partition.
- `name` (String) The name of the partition.

Optional:

- `size_bytes` (Number) The size of the partition in bytes. If not specified, the remainder of the space will be used.


<a id="nestedatt--raid_arrays"></a>
### Nested Schema for `raid_arrays`

Required:

- `file_system` (String) The type of filesystem for the RAID array to be initialized with.
- `members` (List of String) The members of the RAID array. These can be device or partition names.
- `mount_point` (String) The mount point of the array.
- `name` (String) The name of the raid array. For example: "md0"
- `type` (String) The type of the raid array.

Optional:

- `size_bytes` (Number) The size of the RAID array in bytes.
